MOST-delta-stage
================

These are files related to the MOST metal 3D printer -
http://www.appropedia.org/Open-source_metal_3-D_printer

 * scad: the printed parts for the stage (change the render_part argument at
   the start to choose which part to render; you need to print all of them).
 * Welder.py: a plugin for Cura to work around limitations of using a welder as
   an extruder.  Install this in ~/.cura/plugins/ to use it.

Gerald C. Anzalone, Chenlong Zhang, Bas Wijnen, Paul G. Sanders and Joshua M.
Pearce, “Low-Cost Open-Source 3-D Metal Printing” IEEE Access, 1, pp.803-810,
(2013). doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2013.2293018
https://www.academia.edu/5327317/A_Low-Cost_Open-Source_Metal_3-D_Printer

Abstract

Technical progress in the open-source self replicating rapid prototyper
(RepRap) community has enabled a distributed form of additive manufacturing to
expand rapidly using polymer-based materials. However, the lack of an
open-source metal alternative and the high capital costs and slow throughput of
proprietary commercialized metal 3-D printers has severely restricted their
deployment. The applications of commercialized metal 3-D printers are limited
to only rapid prototyping and expensive finished products. This severely
restricts the access of the technology for small and medium enterprises, the
developing world and for use in laboratories. This paper reports on the
development of a <$2000 open-source metal 3-D printer. The metal 3-D printer is
controlled with an open-source micro-controller and is a combination of a
low-cost commercial gas-metal arc welder and a derivative of the Rostock, a
deltabot RepRap. The bill of materials, electrical and mechanical design
schematics, and basic construction and operating procedures are provided. A
preliminary technical analysis of the properties of the 3-D printer and the
resultant steel products are performed. The results of printing customized
functional metal parts are discussed and conclusions are drawn about the
potential for the technology and the future work necessary for the mass
distribution of this technology. 
